Launched in July 2024 this plan packs in
some solid benefits like infinite sum insured infinite
loyalty bonus and a
world wide cover but the question is is this
plan still relevant in 2026 to know this exactly
in this video beyond just talking about
innovative product features
that other youtubers agents call centers keep talking about we will go
several layers
deeper using my 20 years of experience
and ilms deep research i will break down
the fine print the real world claim
performance and the hard data behind this
plan so buy this and you wont just know
what the policy offers.  You also know everything
important in the fine print.
They are service and claims performance for
you to make an informed decision.
Mahavir Chopra, the Founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Beshaq.org.
Now here is what we will be covering in this
video.  One unique feature of this plan is
ICICI Elevate.  To a quick roll call of all the
core benefits that you should know.  Three and
most importantly we will cover the claims
and customer service performance of ICICI
Almart as a company.  And then we will
understand how this product is priced
for a specific use case.  And yes, why we will try to keep this
simple, but at any
point in time if you feel confused with
the information, you can always book a free
call with India's top 5% insurance
experts on course.  Mind you these are not
freshers in a call center but real
experts with up to 20 years of
experience in the space.  They will not only
guide you but will also help you in the
entire journey from purchase to claims.
Click on the link in the description and
book your free consultation today.  Ok?  So
quickly looking at the USBs of this
plan.  Now this plan tries to offer you a
lot of things which are
infinite.  So let me first pick those.  The
first one is infinite sum insured.  This
plan basically has a sum insured option that
gives you infinite cover.  So, for a
cover of Rs 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 50 lakh,
you get an option to choose infinite
options.  This means that no matter how much cover you have or how many
claims you will have, you can claim it
if you choose this sum insured option.
I did a quick check to see
how different the premiums are.  So, the
premium for the sum insured of Rs 10 lakh
for a 2A plus one C, i.e. two adults and one
child, was around Rs
13-14,000.  Its premium is around
₹37,000.  This means that by paying three times the
premium, you can actually get an
unlimited sum insured cover.  Now the next
USP is called Infinite Care.  This is an add
on through which basically you can do this that
if you have taken sum insured of Rs 10 lakh,
sum insured of Rs 20 lakh.  But
in your lifetime you need an option where
you can claim as much as you want.  You should
basically not have any limit on the sum insured.  There should
be no limit.
So you can take this add on.  In this, basically
you can claim any amount at one time in your entire lifetime.
You will
not have any limitation on the sum insured.  This
is usually very useful because we
always have this fear that typically there might be a
hospitalization in our entire
family where the sum insured might fall short.
So you can take this as an add on.
Its typical premium for the same use case we are
talking about is around ₹1400.
This Is Quite
Affordable.  Obviously,
if you are taking unlimited sum insurance then
you do not need to take this feature.  The third
USP in this plan is called the Power
Booster which can also be called the Super Loyalty
Bonus.  Now what happens in this is that usually
if you do not take this add on in this policy, then
basically every
year whether you claim it or not, you will get a 20%
additional sum insured in your policy up to
100%, but if you take this add on, then
basically your sum insured will increase by 100% every year,
you will get a bonus of 100%
every year and there is no limit to the
accumulation, meaning if you have taken a cover of 20 lakhs
and you do not make a claim for 10 years, then
every year your cover will increase by 20 lakhs, that is the
feature, its premium is also very simple, meaning it
is cheap, I had seen that its
premium is coming to 995 for the same use case that
we are talking about.  The next one is a very
interesting thing.  World Wide Cover.  Nowadays,
many people basically want to solve this problem
that if I get any disease due to
which I have to go out of India for
treatment, then what will happen for that?  So this
solves the world wide cover.  This again is
an add on.
You will have to get this by paying additional premium.  Basically,
you can get cover in both emergency and plan cases.  There
is a waiting period in this that once you
buy the policy, you will not be able to use it.
For the first two years, you cannot basically
claim from the Global Add-on, whatever it is
called, Worldwide Cover.  And the
next thing is that this is interesting and the
interesting thing is that this is a separate cover.
Meaning, the cover you take is one, your cover is 20
lakhs, 50 lakhs, whatever cover you have taken.  Your
worldwide cover will be a separate cover.
It will not be a part of your main
cover.  So there are two important conditions in this
which are very important to understand.  The first one is that it
is available only on a cashless basis.  You
cannot go to any hospital and
get treatment.  You basically have to
go to a network hospital and
you will get only cashless treatment.  This means that
you can go to any hospital and get treatment
and then you will not be able to get reimbursement.  This is a
big thing to understand.  Second, as
I told you, plant
treatment is also available and emergency
treatment is also available.  So if you were
travelling to some place and you needed
hospitalization, then in that case
your trip should be less than 45 days, only then
you will get coverage in it,
otherwise you will not get coverage and the total number
of trips you do in a year, the total travel you do in the whole year should be
within 90 days, only then the
risk insurance
company covers it.  This
is a bit complicated.  To understand this,
talk to an expert.  Don't
buy it just like that.  Because many times it happens that
if you are a little confused and want to understand it, then it is
better that you talk to an expert and
then decide.  So these are basically all the
USPs.  Now we will move to the quick
roll call of all the core benefits in this
plan.  The first core benefit that everyone needs to
understand for every plan is
basically the room rent limit and the room
category limit.  So if
you have not paid attention to this plan, then there is one thing which is
very important for you to understand.  And
please note that
in this plan you get a single private AC room by default.
You do not get any room rent limit
or no room rent limit
or any room.
You have to take an add on to
get into any room.  This is a lot of
things.  Because if you did
not get the room you wanted.  Meaning,
if you do not get a private room or a single room and have to
take a higher room, then deductions may be made.
That is why we usually recommend
that you take an Any Room policy.
Also take a policy of no room rent limit.   During the
time of Covid, when beds were
not available in hospitals, then the most important
thing we understood was how important this
feature is.  Next is pre and post
hospitalization.  It covers 90 days and 180 days.
90 days before hospitalization is
covered and 180 days after your discharge.   It's
very good.  This much is enough.  Next
is day care treatments.
Basically everything is covered in day care treatment.
All things are covered.  There are no lists
involved.  So there is no problem in that.
Good to go.  One
important thing to understand in domiciliary treatment is that domiciliary
treatment is covered but there are 17
diseases like esma, diabetes, hypertension,
in case of these you will not be able to do home treatment or domiciliary
treatment.  There are 17 diseases, if
you want to understand then talk to an expert
or we will also give it to you in the description.   There
is no limit in modern treatment.   There
is no limit on organ donation either.  So
this is usually one of the comprehensive plans
available in the market these days
where no limits are being imposed.
You see an exclusion in just one domiciliary treatment.
Otherwise if you
see otherwise everything is fine.  You can take another add on
for room length.  So then
you will not face any problem after taking it.
Well, quickly, let's take a good to have
benefit now.  Basically the first one in this is
called
consumables.  Consumables cover is available in it.
You will have to take an add on.
You'll find this basically in his abs.  It will
cover 68 listed non-medical items.  So
typically in a health insurance policy, the
consumable non-medical
items that the hospital charges are
not payable.  You will
get this by taking an add on.  Next is the
restoration benefit.  Now Restoration
Benefit is an inbuilt feature.  In this, basically,
if your
sum insured gets exhausted in a year, then your sum
insured will keep getting restored unlimited times.  It
is applicable for all illnesses and triggers
even for partial exhaustion.
This is a very important thing.  One important thing to
understand is that it
triggers from the second claim.  Many
policies have just come.  It also triggers from the first claim.
In this it triggers from the second claim.
Next, its maternity benefit is very useful for young couples or
anyone in a young family.
Nowadays its demand has increased a lot.  This is also an
add on.  If you take this add-on, you will get this cover of 10%
of the sum insured and maximum up to Rs 1 lakh.
Or you can take it.
One important thing to understand is
that there is a waiting period of two years.  If you
pay a little more premium, they
can do it for one year.  So these were all the
good to have benefits and all the core
benefits that you really
need to understand and all the fine print that
I promised I would
tell you.  The next thing is the thing to
understand.  I was about to go into waiting
periods.  But the next thing that I want to talk about is very
important that
this policy has a clause called
material change clause.  Material change clause
means that the insurance company is
telling you that if you have purchased this policy
and after purchasing the policy, any of your
occupation changes or any of your
medical history changes, then the
insurance company has the right to
change your terms.  This means you
can change your premium or the
sum insured in your policy or you
can add any limits to the policy.  This
is a very serious matter and it is actually against the
spirit of the IRDA regulations.
So we did a post on this.  On that
ICICI LBARD has given a public
clarification that we will show it on the screen
saying that basically we will
not do this.  They have
connected it with another clause and said that we will not do it.
So, if you are going to
buy this policy by chance, then
keep this screenshot with you, you can get it from us or
any of our research team.  There are
many things to understand.
If you are buying this policy then
please understand it.  The next thing is
waiting periods.  It has standard
waiting periods.  30 days waiting period
for all sickness related claims in the
first year.  Three year waiting period for
PD waiting periods.  There are some modifications in this
which need to be understood quickly.
So the modification available to you in the PD waiting period is
that
you can convert
your waiting period from 12 to 24 months.  If you do not want the
standard three-year waiting period
and want to reduce it or
want to get
cover quickly for your existing diseases,
then you can get it done for 12 months or 24 months.  The
approximate premium that
we have calculated here for two adults
and one child of 30 years old is
₹1000 to reduce it to two years and
₹1300 to reduce it to one year.  It is very less.  The
premium is good.  If you have any
disease then you can choose this.
Obviously there is underwriting lead.  It is
not that the insurance company will
reduce your waiting period for any disease, so
obviously you will have to apply.   You will have to pay a
premium.  On that basis,
Enjoy Company can give it to you.  But the premium
is very low.  This is a very interesting thing to
understand.  The second thing is that there is another
modification available in PED waiting
periods.  So basically there
is one of the listed illnesses.  There are around six illnesses.  Which is
basically asthma, blood pressure,
cholesterol, diabetes, obesity and if
any of your
family members has undergone angioplasty a year ago or earlier,
then you can also get the waiting period for it done for 30 days.  This
means you can get cover from 31 days only.
This is also available to you at an additional premium.
So you can reduce the waiting periods.  This is a
great feature for
anyone who has a disease or something which is a
chronic condition and they want to reduce their
waiting periods.  So this is something that
you can consider.  In the Specified Disease
Waiting Period, basically there is
a list of diseases.
For those listed illnesses there is a
waiting period of 24 months.  It is
covered after 24 months.  This
is specifically applicable for non-PD illnesses.  If
you have an existing disease, then the
waiting period is the same as I mentioned earlier, i.e. three years.
Additionally, there is a 90 day waiting
period for BP, diabetes and
cardia.  Obviously as I said this
is applicable for non PD that if you
buy the policy for the first time then in the first 90
days you will not be able to make claims for BP, Diabetes and Cardiac.
Instead of the 30 days that I mentioned, it is applicable for 90 days.  There is
also a modification available in the waiting period for specified diseases
that you can reduce 24 months to 12 months.
Its additional premium which
we have seen here is 4189, it is again depends upon how
you want to look at it.   It may seem a
bit expensive but that's okay.
Meaning it's a it's a call that you need to
take.  Moving on to customer service.  There are
two things we always compare in customer service.
Standard values ​​are not available.
Insurance companies do not make any disclosures.
No ID creates a report in it.
So we do everything based on our
own audits for toll free we have ranked them as
average.  Meaning, as many insurance
companies are bad, they are equally bad or good.  The
second one is response time on
Twitter.  Their response time is slow on Twitter or X as it is called nowadays.
So basically you may
or may not use Twitter.  It is for us to give you a
preview of how insurance companies are
looking at customer service in general.  So
Twitter is a quite large platform
and their service or
responses on it are slow.  Next is
claims experience.
This is the most important thing to understand.  So whatever you were doing,
stop doing that and understand this thing
carefully.  In this we
will discuss four values ​​and one value is quite
alarming.  So that is a lot to hear.   The
first one is speed of claim settlement.
Speed ​​of claim settlement is the
number of claims received by the insurance company.
How many claims does he settle in the first 30 days?  This lets
you know
how efficient the insurance company is in settling claims.
In their case it is 99.94%.  Which is a very
very perfect score.  0.06%, so let's say it could be due to any
reason.  So there
is no issue.  There is no problem with it.
Their speed of claim settlement is quite
good.  Next is Claim Complaints.
Their ratio in claim complaints is 14%.
Now this is typically compared to other companies
that we have seen quite good.  Meaning
in comparison they would rank at quite a good
number on this.  The next is the incurred claims
ratio.  I found the incurred claim ratio a bit bad.
85.53% is the ratio.  Typically we
recommend something between 60 and 80%,
according to this basically ratio you come to know that
how much profit an insurance company makes
and claim ratio is such a ratio in
which you come to know that
if the insurance company is collecting ₹100 then
how much it is paying in claims, so if it pays 60 to
80 typically then the insurance
company is neither incurring much loss nor
making much profit, so 85.53% in this is
slightly more, according to our thumb rule, the
next one is claim
rejection ratio, now this is here, after
talking to the research team two-three times and checking,
then I am making this video, 14.11%
14.11% is very high for a company which
is 20 years, 25 years old.  What are you saying
?  You are basically saying that you received
100 claims in a year.  You reflected 14 out of 100.  That's a
pretty big number, I
think.  I have also done reviews of other companies
which you can find
on YouTube.  Some companies have a
very high ratio of 14% in 3, 4, 5%.  So this
is a specific red flag.  If you are
buying this plan, then definitely discuss it with the experts you are buying from
and buy the free plan.
Moving on to premiums.  What
is its premium?  We
take the typical Mr. Kumar who is a standard 30 year
old himself.  He has a wife who is also 30 years old.  There
is a one year old child.
He lives in Bombay.  So what will their premium be?
Is typically we say for 10 lax I am
insured.  13,964
is quite cheap.  In line with the other reviews I've done.  But the thing is
that
you have to add a lot of add-ons in it.
After that this plan is made.  That's fine.
For whom it is applicable, he will add it or not.
But if you look at it at a plain
level.  13,964 is quite an affordable
premium that ICICI is offering so many
interesting things with.  So that is
basically the end of the review.  I
told you everything.  What are USBs of the plan?
Basically, what is the very important fine print of the
plan?  What are core benefits?
In Premium, we understand.  After this,
if you were thinking of taking this plan and
someone was selling it to you, someone
suggested this plan to you and
still you are confused, then my suggestion would be
that you can get a free consultation
from our experts on our platform.
We don't have experts who are basically
call center people.  These are basically people with a
minimum of five years of experience and
an average of around 9 to 10 years
of experience who will explain the plan to you
and also help you at the time of claims.
So I am giving a number here on
this video.  You can basically send Hi to that number
via WhatsApp.  Someone from our team will
connect you and then basically connect
you with the best expert available.  Will get
your consultation done.